[Music]
my name is DG guy I'm 46 years old and I
am a stand-up comedian why did they call
you DC a name that was given to me in
college it's Japanese and the Hinch
crazy and I've been using it for a long
time
oh you don't fit perfectly you're on
this show today I'm gonna tell a bunch
of jokes that I wrote my name is geeky
guy
Kichi guy yes most what's your right eye
I'm gonna tell some jokes that I wrote
what kind of jokes do you do I'm
hopefully funny one yeah yeah
tell me something about yourself um I am
in the Guinness Book of World Records
for telling jokes you are
I told over 676 jokes in one hour one
time ready
yeah that's impressive that's a little
joke it is a lot of jokes and they had
to get a laugh or they didn't count so I
actually told about a hundred more than
that got counted for all right well good
luck okay
I got my girlfriend corrective eye
surgery for Christmas and then she
dumped me
I took a correspondence course in mime
they sent me six blank tapes they say a
person's car reflects their personality
I don't have a car I was going to wear
my camouflage shirt but I couldn't find
it I saw scientists that help want it so
I ran in and said what's wrong
I'm gonna sign an endorsement deal with
Nike they're gonna give me a whole bunch
of money all I have to do is promise
never to wear any of their stuff ever
you might recognize me from my modeling
career I was the third one over on the
evolution chart
a lot of luck with women lately you
lately like it's a new problem actually
I'm married and my wife was saving up to
put me through hell we've been together
15 years and I haven't even so much as
looked at another woman I'm that
discourage how many women take all men
are pigs let me see a show of hooters
thank you very much
you
[Music]